			definitions

+ -- AWS ; 

AWS (Amazon Web Services) is a comprehensive, evolving cloud computing platform provided by Amazon
 that includes a mixture of
 infrastructure as a service(IaaS),
 platform as a service (PaaS)
 and packaged
 software as a service (SaaS) offerings

+   SUBNETS ;

A subnet, or subnetwork, is a segmented piece of a larger network. 
More specifically, subnets are a logical partition of an IP network into multiple, smaller network segments
. The Internet Protocol (IP) is the method for sending data from one computer to another over the internet.


+  INTERNET GAEWAY;

A computer that sits between different networks or applications
 A router may perform some of the functions of a gateway.
 An Internet gateway can transfer communications between an enterprise network and the Internet.

+   ELASTIC IPS;

Elastic IP address is a public static IPv4 address which is reachable from the Internet.
 Basically Elastic IP addresses are used by AWS to manage its dynamic cloud computing services. 
Within the AWS infrastructure, customers have virtual private clouds (VPC), within the VPCs, users have instances.


+  ROUTE TABLE ;

A routing table is a set of rules, often viewed in table format,
 that is used to determine where data packets traveling over an Internet Protocol (IP) network will be directed.
 All IP-enabled devices, including routers and switches, use routing tables.

+  NAT GATE WAY;

A NAT gateway is a Network Address Translation (NAT) service.
 You can use a NAT gateway so that instances in a private subnet can connect to services outside your VPC but
 external services cannot initiate a connection with those instances.

+  NETWORK ACLS ;

An access control list (ACL) is a list of rules that specifies which users or
 systems are granted or denied access to a particular object or system resource ...

+  SECURITY GROUPS ;

A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your EC2 instances to control
 incoming and outgoing traffic.
 Inbound rules control the incoming traffic to ...

+  TRANSIT GATE WAY ;

A transit gateway is a network transit hub that you can use to interconnect your virtual private clouds (VPCs) 
and on-premises networks.
 As your cloud infrastructure expands globally, 
inter-Region peering connects transit gateways together using the AWS Global Infrastructure


+  AMI ;

An Amazon Machine Image (AMI) is a template that contains a software configuration 
(for example, an operating system, an application server, and applications).
 From an AMI, you launch an instance, which is a copy of the AMI running as a virtual server in the cloud.

+  VOLUMES ;

Use Amazon EBS volumes as a block-level storage device that you can 
attach to one or more instances for primary storage of frequently updated data.

+    SNAP SHOTS ;

Use snapshots as a point-in-time backup copy of an Amazon EBS volume. .
.. Snapshots are incremental backups, which means that only the blocks on the device ...


+   KEYPAIRS ;

A key pair, consisting of a public key and a private key,
 is a set of security credentials that you use to prove your identity when connecting to an Amazon EC2 instance.
 Amazon EC2 stores the public key on your instance, and you store the private key

+  LOAD-BALANCER;

A load balancer serves as the single point of contact for clients. 
The load balancer distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets,
 such as EC2 instances, in multiple Availability Zones.
 This increases the availability of your application. You add one or more listeners to your load balancer.  


+   TARGET GROUP ;

A target group tells a load balancer where to direct traffic to
 : EC2 instances, fixed IP addresses; or AWS Lambda functions, amongst others. When creating a load balancer, 
you create one or more listeners and configure listener rules to direct the traffic to one target group


+     launch configuration : 

A launch configuration is a template that an EC2 Auto Scaling group uses to launch EC2 instances.
 When you create a launch configuration,
 you specify information for the instances such as the 
ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI), the instance type, a key pair, one or more security groups, and a block device mapping.


+    AUTO SCALLING GROUP ;

AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady, 
predictable performance at the lowest possible cost.
 Using AWS Auto Scaling, it's easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources across multiple services in minutes

+     NETWORK INTERFACE ;


An elastic network interface is a logical networking component in a VPC that represents a virtual network card. 
It can include the following attributes: A primary private IPv4 address from the IPv4 address range of your VPC. 
One or more secondary private IPv4 addresses from the IPv4 address range of your VPC

+    EFS ;

Amazon EFS is a cloud-based file storage service for applications and workloads
 that run in the Amazon Web Services public cloud. 
AWS automatically deploys and manages the infrastructure for Elastic File System (EFS),
 which is distributed across an unlimited number of servers to avoid performance bottlenecks.

+ -- EBS ;

AWS Elastic Block Store (EBS) is Amazon's block-level storage solution used with the EC2 cloud service to store persistent data.
 This means that the data is kept on the AWS EBS servers even when the EC2 instances are shut down.

+     IAM ;


AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) provides fine-grained access control across all of AWS.
 With IAM, you can specify who can access which services and resources, and under which conditions.
 With IAM policies, you manage permissions to your workforce and systems to ensure least-privilege permissions



+   DEVOPS : 

DevOps is the combination of cultural philosophies, practices,
 and tools that increases an organization's ability to deliver applications and services at high velocity:
 evolving and improving products at a faster pace than organizations
 using traditional software development and infrastructure management processes.

+    






